The application has 3 separate visible screen. Each screen has several
available commands. They will be described in this section. Navigation
throughout the application is to be done using the keyboard, typing in the full
command name, or the number to navigate between screens. Then typing in the
required information when prompted to do so. Please take care to insure all
input is correct. The application assumes the user is to be trusted, however,
unwanted modifications could occur in the database when used by someone
careless. At any point in the application, the user can hit Control-C to exit
the program, and Control-D to exit the current command.

The following subsections describe in more detail, the role and usage of each
of the accessible screens of the application. An overview of the screens is found in figure~\ref{fig:use_flow}

\begin{figure}
    \centering
    \includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{use_flow_dot.png}
    \caption{Screens and commands, and how they are accessed}\label{fig:use_flow}
\end{figure}

\subsection{Login Screen}

From this screen, the user is presented with 2 options. By pressing 1, or
typing out the word \verb|login| the user will be guided through the process of
logging into the application. The user will be prompted for their username,
then for their password. For the security of the user, unlike the username,
when typing the password, the password will not be displayed. Don't panic
though, they are still being picked up by the application.

Also on the screen is the other option, exit. By inputting the command 2, or
the full command name \verb|exit| the user will be able to safely close out of
the application. This is the only recommended way to exit the application.
Command line savvy users may try certain control presses to stop the program.
While these may work, they are not officially supported, and the use of such
will void the warranty of the user.

\subsection{Registry Agent Screen}
This screen has 7 options for the user to pick from. The options are
\verb|register a birth|, \verb|register a marriage|,
\verb|renew vehicle registration|, \verb|process bill of sale|,
\verb|process a payment|, \verb|get driver abstract|, and \verb|signout|.




\subsection{Traffic Officer Screen}

From this screen, the user is presented with 3 options. The options are
\verb|issue a ticket|, \verb|find a car owner|, and \verb|signout|.

Issue a ticket will first prompt the user to enter a vehicle registration
number. Once they enter a valid registration number, a brief description of the
registration will be shown. The user will then be prompted to decide if they
want to issue a ticket to the displayed registration. If the user decides not
to, the operation will be canceled, and the user will be returned to the
traffic officer screen. If the user decides to issue a ticket, then they will
be prompted to enter information about the date, amount, and reason for the
ticket.

Find a car owner prompts the user to describe the make, model, color, year, and
plate. Any, or all of these options can be left blank to be treated as a
wildcard option. For the convenience of the user, the application will not look
for exact matches, but will instead look for containing values. For example, the
user was searching for a Ford F150, they could type 15, and any models
containing the string 15 will be returned. If in the event there are many
matches to a particular search, the amount of data will be truncated, and the
user will be prompted to select one of the available rows, and that row will be
redisplayed with additional data.

Finally, signout can be used to return to the login screen.

